Removed Open field from PollData (#254)
desmos-labs/desmos: CHANGELOG.md

# Version 0.11.0
## Changes
- Changed postIDs computation. Now they are set inside the `NewPost` method instead of being required from it (#253)

> - Removed `Open` field from `PollData` to make the code easier to handle (#252)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the `Open` field from within the `PollData` object. Now you should rely on the `CloseDate` field to determine whether a poll is closed or open. (#252)
```
